---
id: 807
title: Jake Paul
date: 2012-04-05T01:01:13+00:00
author: chito
layout: post
guid: https://ukdataservers.com/jake-paul/
permalink: /04/05/jake-paul
tags:
  - Husband
  - Wife
  - Boyfriend
  - Girlfriend
category: Marriage Guides
---

* some text
{: toc}


## Who is  Jake Paul
                  
                  
                  
YouTuber who has earned over 20 million subscribers to his self-titled channel where he posts comedy sketches, vlogs and songs. Also an actor, he was cast as Dirk on Disney Channel&#8217;s Bizaardvark, Lance in the YouTube Red Original Movie Dance Camp, and Dugan in the FOX Digital movie Mono.  
                  
                
                
                
## Prior to Popularity 
                  
                  
                  
He was a competitive wrestler and he trained to be a Navy Seal. He first found a web following on the 6-second video app Vine, where he reached 1 million followers in just 5 months. He had over 5 million followers by the time the app was discontinued. He earned a Shorty Award nomination in the category of Vineographer. 
                  
                
                
                
## Random data 
                  
                  
                  
He frequently collaborates with his brother Logan Paul, an internet phenomenon in his own right. He launched Team 10 partnering with other social media stars to work together in a variety of ways. In 2020, he signed with the management company Shots Studios. 
                  
                
                
                
## Family & Everyday Life of Jake Paul
                  
                  
                  
His parents are Greg Paul and Pam Stepnick. He dated Alissa Violet, however the couple split in 2017. He and model Erika Costell officially began dating on April 23, 2018. They posted several videos surrounding a fake marriage in 2017 and would later break up at the end of 2018. In July 2019, he married Tana Mongeau, then in early 2020, they announced they were taking a break. He then went on to date Julia Rose.
                  
                
                
                
## People Related With  Jake Paul
                  
                  
                  
He acted opposite Madison Hu and Olivia Rodrigo on Disney&#8217;s Bizaardvark.  
                  
                
              
            
          
          
          
    
    
  
