---
id: 19703
title: J Balvin
date: 2021-04-07T23:26:13+00:00
author: victor
layout: post
guid: https://ukdataservers.com/j-balvin/
permalink: /04/07/j-balvin
tags:
  - claims
  - lawyer
  - doctor
  - house
  - multi family
  - online
  - poll
  - business
  - unspecified
  - single
  - relationship
  - engaged
  - married
  - complicated
  - open relationship
  - widowed
  - separated
  - divorced
   - Husband
  - Wife
  - Boyfriend
  - Girlfriend
category: Guides
---

* some text
{: toc}


## Who is J Balvin



Worldwide reggaeton, urban music and Latin pop phenomenon who rose to fame with his multi-platinum sophomore album La Familia, which includes his mega-hits &#8220;Ay Vamos&#8221; and &#8220;6 AM&#8221; featuring Farruko. His chart-topping single &#8220;Mi Gente&#8221; featuring Willy William and Beyoncé went 68x-platinum in the US.

                
                
                
## Prior to Popularity



His interest in urban music began at the age of 14. He participated in freestyle competitions and won two consecutive championships. While in high school, he was part of various rock bands that performed covers of bands like Nirvana, Metallica and Enanitos Verdes. He studied International Business and Communication at the Universidad EAFIT. 

                
                
                
## Random data



In summer 2018, he surpassed Drake as the most-streamed artist on Spotify, hitting 48 million monthly listeners. In summer 2019, he was the most-viewed artist globally on YouTube for more than six weeks straight. He was featured in Time magazine&#8217;s list of the 100 Most Influential People of 2020. 

                
                
                
## Family & Everyday Life of J Balvin



His full name is José Álvaro Osorio Balvín. His parents&#8217; names are José Álvaro and Alba Mery. He has a younger sister named Carolina who&#8217;s a model. He&#8217;s been in an on-and-off relationship with Valentina Ferrer since 2018. He was previously in a relationship with TV presenter María &#8220;Mona&#8221; Osorio from 2002 to 2012. 

                
                
                
## People Related With J Balvin



He has collaborated musically with chart-topping Latin artists such as Nicky Jam, Bad Bunny, Maluma, Ozuna, Rosalía, Cardi B and Anitta.

                
              
            
          
          
          