---
id: 10486
title: Joe Biden
date: 2021-04-07T08:15:29+00:00
author: victor
layout: post
guid: https://ukdataservers.com/joe-biden/
permalink: /04/07/joe-biden
tags:
  - claims
  - lawyer
  - doctor
  - house
  - multi family
  - online
  - poll
  - business
  - unspecified
  - single
  - relationship
  - engaged
  - married
  - complicated
  - open relationship
  - widowed
  - separated
  - divorced
   - Husband
  - Wife
  - Boyfriend
  - Girlfriend
category: Guides
---

* some text
{: toc}


## Who is Joe Biden



Longtime politician who became the 46th president of the United States in 2021. He served as vice president of the United States for two terms under President Barack Obama. He was also the US Senator from Delaware for 36 years. 

                
                
                
## Prior to Popularity



While attending the University of Delaware, he played halfback for the school&#8217;s freshman football team. He later quit college football so that he had more time to spend with a girl who lived out of state. 

                
                
                
## Random data



In 1973, he was sworn in as a Delaware Senator. He was only 30 years old, which made him the sixth-youngest Senator to ever hold office.  

                
                
                
## Family & Everyday Life of Joe Biden



President Biden has fathered four children from two marriages &#8211; though tragically only two are still alive today. He had three children with his first wife, Neilia Biden, whom he married in 1966. In order of birth, they were Joseph Robinette III, known as Beau; Robert Hunter; and Naomi Christina, known as Amy. Both his wife Neilia and daughter Naomi died in a car accident in 1973. Bide first lady Jill Tracy Jacobs in 1975, and the pair were married in 1977. They had a daughter, Ashley Blazer, a few years later. His son Beau passed away from cancer at age 46 in 2015.

                
                
                
## People Related With Joe Biden



He married Jill Biden five years after his first wife passed away. Jill became the stepmother of his two sons and he and Jill had a daughter of their own named Ashley Biden. 

                
              
            
          
          
          